backend/README.md, before:

## PeerPrep Backend using FastAPI Microservices 
We are using FastAPI for building the microservices that will support various features in the application. 

### Basic Instructions 
- Each microservice has its own directory. The directory naming follows the basic convention of appending `-service` to whatever is trying to be achieved. 
- Each microservice has its own `requirements.txt`, specifying all the python packages used that would help us replicate the virutal environment for development. 

### Steps to Replicate Dev Environment
In order to create the virtual environment, navigate to the microservice of interest. 
```
cd backend/<name>-service
```

One can call the `python` command using the `mod` or `-m` flag, which helps it run a library module as a script, to create a virtual environment. 
```
python -m venv .venv
```

The creation of virtual environment is a one-off step that has to be done on the local machine once per microservice. If you already have a virtual environment, you can directly proceed to activate it.
This should create the `.venv` directory inside the microservice. In order to activate the virtual environment, one can source the activate executable. 
```
source .venv/bin/activate
```

Depending on the terminal client being used, there should be a visual cue indicating that the virtual environment has been activated. 
Now, the required packages can be installed using the following command. 
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If the file, `requirements.txt`, is not present in the directory, you can proceed to install the packages directly using the `pip` command. Once you are done, you can create a `requirements.txt` file yourself to help future users to install the packages with correct versions. Think of `requirements.txt` acting like a `package-lock.json` file that locks in the dependencies and their versions. In order to create your `requirements.txt` file, use the following command. 
```
pip freeze > requirements.txt
```

### Service Descriptions


### Directory Structure 
This is the directory structure of the `backend` directory.
```
.
├── user-service
│   ├── requirements.txt
│   ├── main.py
│   └── README.md
├── question-service
├── matching-service
├── collaboration-service
└── README.md                # You are currently here
```

Commit message:

add black configuration for all the services for unifrom formatting

backend/README.md, after:

## PeerPrep Backend using FastAPI Microservices 
We are using FastAPI for building the microservices that will support various features in the application. 

### Basic Instructions 
- Each microservice has its own directory. The directory naming follows the basic convention of appending `-service` to whatever is trying to be achieved. 
- Each microservice has its own `requirements.txt`, specifying all the python packages used that would help us replicate the virutal environment for development. 

### Steps to Replicate Dev Environment
In order to create the virtual environment, navigate to the microservice of interest. 
```
cd backend/<name>-service
```

One can call the `python` command using the `mod` or `-m` flag, which helps it run a library module as a script, to create a virtual environment. 
```
python -m venv .venv
```

The creation of virtual environment is a one-off step that has to be done on the local machine once per microservice. If you already have a virtual environment, you can directly proceed to activate it.
This should create the `.venv` directory inside the microservice. In order to activate the virtual environment, one can source the activate executable. 
```
source .venv/bin/activate
```

Depending on the terminal client being used, there should be a visual cue indicating that the virtual environment has been activated. 
Now, the required packages can be installed using the following command. 
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If the file, `requirements.txt`, is not present in the directory, you can proceed to install the packages directly using the `pip` command. Once you are done, you can create a `requirements.txt` file yourself to help future users to install the packages with correct versions. Think of `requirements.txt` acting like a `package-lock.json` file that locks in the dependencies and their versions. In order to create your `requirements.txt` file, use the following command. 
```
pip freeze > requirements.txt
```

We are using `cblack` as the code formatter for all the microservices. The configurations for the tool have been included in each microservice. `cblack` is built on top of `black`, one of the industry standard code formatters out there. It automatically looks up for config files before running, so there is no need to explicitly passing parameters. Note that this command should be run in the root of the microservice not the `backend` folder. 
```
cblack .
```

Optionally, if that doesn't work, one can achieve the same results by running this command.
```
python -m cblack -l 100 --include '\.pyi?$' .
```

### Service Descriptions


### Directory Structure 
This is the directory structure of the `backend` directory.
```
.
├── user-service
│   ├── requirements.txt
│   ├── main.py
│   └── README.md
├── question-service
├── matching-service
├── collaboration-service
└── README.md                # You are currently here
```
